Meeting Minutes

Attendees: Peizhe, Patrick,Thomas, Zhan Jun, Charles, Alex

Team talks about the rubrik and are assessing the situation the team is currently in

Jira created for team by Alex and is initiated onto the project

Alex explained some changes and implementations in numerous files that were essential to the code

The team is talking and planning about sprint 3

Unit tests were mentioned and planned to be done 

Team talks about user stories

Alex commits and creates a new branch which branched off from the home-page branch

Peter explained a big problem in terms of compatibility with the software used for the frontend 
The problem was that using a react application which is not compatible with the bootstrap animation, it was made for purely made html and css projects
Tried using react bootstrap gave errors 
Solution found: move from bootstrap to tailwind 

Team tasks are assigned on Jira and sprint 2 is planned to be done by Friday before deadline

Team discusses the rest of the required user stories and the priorities for sprint 2


